[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a gothic
psychological horror film
a lighthouse spoiler ahead watch out and
take care
a little boat arrives at an isolated
island in new england in gloomy weather
two sailors get off the boat and go to a
shed
where they are going to live for the
next month during lighthouse watching
the two do not talk much the sailor
winslow discovers a small mermaid
sculpture
and keeps it in his pocket as the
longtime lighthouse keeper
the old man thomas toasts winslow at the
dinner but winslow does not accept the
welcome toast
because drinking is against the working
regulations to end the awkwardness with
the only companion here
winslow drinks a cup of water instead of
alcohol
as the water runs down his throat
winslow tastes a stinking smell like
rotten fish
thomas laughs out loud and assigns the
job of cistern checking to winslow
he also gives winslow all dirty and hard
jobs to do
winslow responds with a hateful stare
and suggests they should take turns to
guard the lightroom
at the top of the lighthouse thomas
rejects the proposal immediately
and claims that only he enjoys the
authority to watch the lightroom
at night winslow dreams about seeing a
mermaid in the sea
and wakes up in the morning after
assigning winslow more jobs to do
thomas goes back to sleep a seagull
stops winslow's way
when he is pushing a cart winslow is
irritated by the annoying sound made by
the seagull
so he beats away the damn bird with a
stone
right then winslow notices that thomas
is watching him at the lighthouse
at dinner that night winslow asked
thomas what happened to his last partner
thomas says that his last partner has
gone crazy and died
winslow doubts the answer he received
thomas warns winslow to stop hurting
seagulls
because it will bring bad luck seeing
winslow does not give a damn about his
advice
thomas slaps him badly on his face
winslow stands
up and backs off shockingly soon thomas
realized he is being so emotional
and asks for forgiveness the next
morning thomas makes more trouble for
winslow
by commanding him to mop the floor
winslow refuses to do so
because the floor is cleaned after he
mopped it twice
thomas becomes indignant and the two
begin to curse each other
thomas threatens to report winslow's bad
behavior and cut down his payment
winslow shuts his mouth unwillingly the
two paint the lighthouse the next
morning
suddenly the rope breaks and winslow
falls to the ground from the air
when winslow wakes up he realizes that
thomas doesn't even blink after he falls
luckily he's not injured badly so he
walks back to the shed by himself
as he walks in he happens to see thomas
write something on a log book
that night the two start chatting again
at supper after being asked why he
wanted to become a lighthouse keeper
winslow reveals that he was a timber
jack who is tired of cutting trees
he comes to work on this remote island
for higher payment with a dream to build
a house after he returns home town
thomas mocks winslow's dream plan
winslow asks why he can't hit seagulls
thomas says he believes seagulls are
reincarnated sailors
then he goes to watch the light room
when their chat finishes
curiosity about the lightroom keeps
winslow awake that night
he climbs to the lightroom and notices
some strange noise
as well as some disgusting sticky liquid
coming through the carved floor
he keeps watching and is astonished to
seize octopus tentacles slipping across
the floor
the next morning winslow goes to check
the cistern due to the bloody taste in
the water
there he sees a dead seagull in the
sister while he is thinking about how to
get the dead bird out
another one-eyed seagull lands in front
of him and starts chirping at him
winslow burst into a rage and grabs the
bird by its neck
then brutally bangs it on the cistern as
hard as he can
he looks around to make sure thomas does
not see him killing the seagull
momentarily the wind changes directions
drastically according to the wind
indicator
thomas notices the change of wind and
warns winslow they must prepare for the
coming storm
he also says that a transportation ship
will stop by and pick them up to the
mainland within two days
knowing this goddamned work is about to
finish winslow feels energetic
temporarily
and works extra hard with excitement the
two spend the night getting drunk and
eating fresh lobsters
to celebrate before their departure
thomas mentions that he was married
before
his wife was involved with some incident
that crippled him before she became a
nun
winslow asks again if he can go up to
the lightroom before leaving
thomas responds in great wrath that the
lightroom belongs to him only
they stop the argument right before it
turns into another fight
when winslow empties the chamber pots
the next morning the wind blows all the
right onto his face
later on the way to getting coal he
encounters an unconscious mermaid washed
up on the shore
who looks just like the one he dreamed
of before he is so aroused by her
and can't help feeling her body with
filthy mind spreading through his hand
as his fingers slip down her body he
sees her scales
and even hormone fins soon the mermaid
wakes up and howls at him
winslow flees back to the shed and tells
nothing to thomas
they pack up and wait a whole night for
the ship
however that ship doesn't show up due to
the raging storm
now the food left won't last the two for
long pair unearth a crate at the
lighthouse's base
which contains bottles of wine after
getting drunk
the two blame each other for not being
able to leave the island
winslow says thomas's cooking tastes
like smelly
feeling deeply offended thomas casts
winslow with an evil curse
saying the aquaman will split winslow
with a trident and toss his body into
the sea
frightened by such a horrible curse
winslow apologizes
and admits that thomas is a fine cook
one night when thomas is sleeping
winslow steals the wrong key and thus
fails to unlock the hatch to the
lightroom
then he goes to check thomas's logbook
which is carried by thomas together with
a lightroom key
even when he sleeps thomas wakes up
before winslow tries to stab him
and warns winslow don't even think about
being lazy when he's not watching
paralyzed by alcohol winslow starts to
have illusions such as seeing a cart of
water as coal
and finding the one-eyed head of
thomas's previous partner in a lobster
trap
he believes thomas plans this for him
the two drink most of the wine
the strange atmosphere starts to
alternate between moments of intimacy
and hostility
for one second they almost kiss each
other but the next second
they beat each other at last they both
are too tired to keep their feet on the
ground
winslow reveals a secret that when he
was a timber jack he purposefully
watched his foreman drowning in a river
because he was always humiliated by his
foreman he refuses to rescue the foreman
he uses the foreman's name winslow after
the foreman's death to conceal his real
name
thomas which surprisingly happens to be
the same as the old man's name
winslow looks around and cannot find
thomas in the room
he goes out of the shed to look for
thomas but finds a person who looks
exactly like himself
he turns around and sees thomas's eyes
beams light into his eyes
scared by these unexplainable things
winslow rushes to a dory
and wants to leave the island as fast as
possible thomas shows up
and wrecks the dory with an axe he then
chases winslow into the shed
back in the shed winslow blames thomas
for his evil plan
first thomas kills the old partner then
he messes up winslow's mind with a
mermaid sculpture
thomas argues back that winslow has lost
his mind completely
because winslow keeps saying that he has
been on this island for two days
but the truth is five weeks have passed
and also
the evil plan is made up by winslow
after the wine runs out
the two soaked their spirits and alcohol
made by themselves
another storm comes and floods the shed
winslow finds thomas's logbook
in which thomas has criticized winslow
as drunk and incompetent
and thus recommended he be sacked
without any pay
winslow pushes his rage down and begs
thomas to take him to see the lightroom
thomas refuses to do so and blames him
for changing the wind direction
which brings the storm that blows their
chance to leave the island
winslow can't hold his anger and hits
thomas while he's hallucinating thomas
changes into aquaman with tentacles and
the mermaid
thomas could not move after being beaten
up and is led to a ditch like a dog
where winslow is going to bury thomas
alive
winslow grabs the lightroom key from
thomas's neck leaving his head above the
dirt
thomas returns to his consciousness and
frees himself
then he strikes winslow with the axe but
gets killed
badly injured winslow finally arrives at
the lightroom
and sees the inside of the lantern
unfortunately he slips and falls down
the lighthouse steps
sometime later the almost dying winslow
lies naked in the open air
with one damaged eye and his bowels
packed by many seagulls
the film shows some clues that the
sailor winslow and thomas may be the
same person
who has suffered severe hallucinations
due to the long-term isolation in the
small island
being a man who's hormone thirsty he
keeps the mermaid sculpture
and hallucinates a naked mermaid as his
sole companion besides that
he even hallucinates a more sober
co-worker named exactly thomas wake
trying to guide himself out of the
insanity he was swallowed in
and keep himself sober on his way to
fighting for authorities
to reach the top of the lighthouse for
the hidden secrets and truth
he dares not to face this well explains
that winslow can't get any help from
thomas
after falling to the ground when the two
were painting the lighthouse
the only companionship he could find on
the desperate island are the seagulls
which are therefore treated as the
divine creature by the sober self the
old thomas
while they are treated badly by the
hallucinating self of winslow
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out